chore: prepare 1.10.0 release (#943)
chatmail/relay: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog for chatmail deployment 

## 1.10.0 2026-04-30

> * start after networking is fully up <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/942>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* start mtail after networking is fully up <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/942>
```

* support specifying custom filtermail binary through environment variable <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/941>

> * setup zizmor <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/938>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add automated zizmor scanning of github workflows <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/938>
```

> * add repository_dispatch trigger to chatmail/docker for automated docker image builds <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/934>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* added dispatch for *automated builds of chatmail relay docker images* <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/934>
```

* do not bind SMTP client sockets to public addresses <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/932>

> * scripts/initenv.sh should be used for building the docs <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/933>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* underline in docs that scripts/initenv.sh should be used for building the docs <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/933>
```

* automatic oldest-first message removal from mailboxes to always stay under max_mailbox_size <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/929>
* remove --slow from cmdeploy test <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/931>
* handle missing inotify sysctl keys in containers <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/930>
* replace resolvconf with static resolv.conf <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/928>
* disable fsync for LMTP and IMAP services <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/925>
* re-use cmlxc workflow, replacing CI with hetzner staging servers with local lxc containers <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/917>
* explicitly install resolvconf <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/924>
* detect stale dovecot binary and force restart in activate() <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/922>
* Rename filtermail_http_port to filtermail_http_port_incoming <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/921>

> * Docker Preparations: <consolidate is_in_container() by @j4n in https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/920>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* consolidated is_in_container() check https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/920>
```

* pin dovecot packages to prevent apt upgrades <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/908>
* add rpc server to cmdeploy along with client <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/906>
* remove unused deps from chatmaild <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/905>
* set default smtp_tls_security_level to "verify" unconditionally <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/902>
* featprefer IPv4 in SMTP client <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/900>
* Install dovecot .deb packages atomically <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/899>
* stop installing cron package <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/898>
* Rewrite dovecot install logic, update <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/862>
* fix a test and some linting fixes <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/897>
* Disable IP verification on domain-literal addresses <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/895>
* disable installing recommended packages globally on the relay <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/887>
* multiple bug fixes across chatmaild and cmdeploy <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/883>
* remove /metrics from the website <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/703>

> * add Prometheus textfile output <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/881>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add Prometheus textfile output to fsreport <https://github.com/chatmail/relay/pull/881>
```
